Star I was wrong
Please forgive me.
I was wrong.
I can mess with you
Dear Mr. Du
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Didn't you say I was a dog?
Life is blurting out
I I
Didn't you say you want me to lick the soles of your feet?
Do you still let someone sleep with you?
You go away
fuck off
late
The security takes it away, take it away, go, don't come.
master
Mr. Chen Legend's agency rights for this game
It's you now.
But I have an idea.
Is this name going to be changed to a hot-blooded legend?
OK, I'll do it right away.
In my last life?
I remember this Chen Bridge
After independently winning the legendary copyright
In just two years, he became the richest man in a building
Worth hundreds of billions
I have an assistant in my life
I believe he will take off in less than two years